Allow configuration to be contributed by providers (#32604)
mistercrunch/Airflow: TESTING.rst

  tests, so we run Pytest with ``--disable-warnings`` but instead we have ``pytest-capture-warnings`` plugin that
  overrides ``recwarn`` fixture behaviour.

.. note::

>   We are in the process of convert all unit tests to standard "asserts" and pytest fixtures

Author: ```suggestion
  We are in the process of converting all unit tests to standard "asserts" and pytest fixtures
```

  so if you find some tests that are still using classic setUp/tearDown approach or unittest asserts, feel
  free to convert them to pytest.

Airflow configuration for unit tests
------------------------------------

Some of the unit tests require special configuration set as "default" one. This is done automatically by

> automatically adding ``AIRFLOW__CORE__UNIT_TEST_MODE=True`` to the environment variables in Pytest auto-used

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some of the unit tests require special configuration set as the "default". This is done automatically by
 adding ``AIRFLOW__CORE__UNIT_TEST_MODE=True`` to the environment variables in Pytest auto-used
```

fixture. This in turn makes airflow configuration load test configuration from
``airflow/config_templates/config_unit_test.yml`` - defaults from the test configuration replace the original
defaults stored in ``airflow/config_templates/config.yml``. If you want to add some test-only configuration,

> you should copy the option definition to ``config_unit_test.yml`` and change default value there.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you should copy the option definition to ``config_unit_test.yml`` and change the default value there.
```

> Some of the unit tests require special configuration set as "default" one. This is done automatically by
> automatically adding ``AIRFLOW__CORE__UNIT_TEST_MODE=True`` to the environment variables in Pytest auto-used
> fixture. This in turn makes airflow configuration load test configuration from
> ``airflow/config_templates/config_unit_test.yml`` - defaults from the test configuration replace the original
> defaults stored in ``airflow/config_templates/config.yml``. If you want to add some test-only configuration,
> you should copy the option definition to ``config_unit_test.yml`` and change default value there.

Reviewer 2: Lots of repetition makes this hard to parse. I'm going to attempt to rephrase it, feel free to take it or now.

```suggestion
Some unit tests require special configurations set as "default". A Pytest auto-use fixture automatically adds ``AIRFLOW__CORE__UNIT_TEST_MODE=True`` to the environment variables to handle this. This, in turn, loads the test's configuration from
``airflow/config_templates/config_unit_test.yml``. Defaults from the test configuration replace the original
defaults stored in ``airflow/config_templates/config.yml``. If you want to add some test-only configuration,
you should copy the option definition to ``config_unit_test.yml`` and change default values there.
```

.. note::

  The test configuration for Airflow before July 2023 was automatically generated in a file named

>   ``AIRFLOW_HOME/unittest.cfg`` and template for it was stored in "config_templates" next to the yaml file,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  ``AIRFLOW_HOME/unittest.cfg`` and the template for it was stored in "config_templates" next to the yaml file,
```

>   however this was only done for the first time you run airflow and you had to manually maintain the file,
>   and it was pretty cumbrsome and arcane knowledge, also this file has been overwritten in Breeze environment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  however this was only done for the first time you run airflow and you had to manually maintain the file,
  and it was pretty cumbersome and arcane knowledge, also this file has been overwritten in Breeze environment
```

>   The test configuration for Airflow before July 2023 was automatically generated in a file named
>   ``AIRFLOW_HOME/unittest.cfg`` and template for it was stored in "config_templates" next to the yaml file,
>   however this was only done for the first time you run airflow and you had to manually maintain the file,
>   and it was pretty cumbrsome and arcane knowledge, also this file has been overwritten in Breeze environment
>   with another CI-specific file. Using ````config_unit_test.yml`` as a single source of configuration for
>   tests is much more convenient and it is automatically used by Pytest. If you have the automatically
>   generated ``unittest.cfg`` file it will be automatically removed when you run airflow.
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  The test configuration for Airflow before July 2023 was automatically generated in a file named
  ``AIRFLOW_HOME/unittest.cfg`` and the template for it was stored in "config_templates" next to the yaml file. This was only done for the first time you run Airflow and you had to manually maintain the file, which was pretty cumbersome and arcane knowledge. This file has been overwritten in the Breeze environment with another CI-specific file. Using ````config_unit_test.yml`` as a single source of configuration for tests is much more convenient and it is automatically used by Pytest. If you have the automatically  generated ``unittest.cfg`` file it will be automatically removed when you run Airflow.

```
